Ladies and gentlemen, Harmontown is now in session. How are ya? Let them hear ya at home.
Make a little noise. How are ya? There we go. Uh, Jeff Davis is so, so far away. I'm
here. My name is Brandon Johnson. I'll be comptrolling tonight. Let us welcome to the stage our king, our dungeon master, Spencer Crittenden. Yes. Yes, enjoy him. Enjoy him. You all know him as the mayor, the chief surveyor, Boomshaka Laka. Ladies and gentlemen, the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Hello, hello, hello. It's my podcast show. Hello, hello, welcome to my podcast show. Can you hear me, though?
I said no to your mama's big toe podcast show. Fuck your mama. Okay. Thought I'd try a different, I don't know about the applause, but if it was organic, you can applaud. That's fine. There was a very, I keep having an emotional flashback in my head to our last episode when I was commending David Cummings from the No Sleep podcast on his graceful, uh,
delivery, uh, uh, curating of, uh, or advocating and, and, and weaving of the LGBT kind of pride week kind of thing. And actually, and there, you, I said, I said what I had to say as far as kudos. And then you were like, like, you did this. It was like, I was so embarrassed. It was like, because it, I haven't seen you in a week. And this is the first thing you say to me.
I know. Well, I bet it's been a thing. I don't like walking around with secrets from you. Like I don't, I don't, you know, you would have a transparent relationship. Where's the money? Hey, let me ask you a question. Why did I embarrass you?
Well, because I, you know, I, I, this is my problem. I realize it, but I always view the world. I always have a camera on me that is, uh, the property of the person that hates me the most in the world. And that, and that's how I choose to view myself. And so at this phase of my life, that's like, uh, you know, that's going to be your all righty kind of like, like I'm sick and tired of this progress culture stuff.
And so for the forced like one, one, what is the sound of one man clapping kind of like, like, like, like thing. I was like, oh, they're going to love that. You know, because it's like, that's, that's their impression of it is like, that's why we're doing it. You know, that's why we're, that's why we talk about this stuff is because we want, we want our little Scooby snack. We want to make people applaud.
Man, I make that camera like a old ass camera with a big tape when I see it. That's just so you know where I'm coming from. That's when I, when I hear this camera that every, that this awful voice owns, I don't make it like a nice camera.
Yeah.
I make it like a really shitty camera. Like before you bought it in Van Nuys, it was used for porn.
This is a thing is the only it's like, this is a thing that's like endemic to the standup community. And I was a terrible standup, but I was compatible with that community in one sense, which is I think it's very like a standup mentality.
It's like the guy in the back of the room that's not laughing, like he's the smart one. He knows, but, but for that reason, fuck him. And I'm going to fucking murder this room and his fucking face, you know, like it's all of this like syndrome of like you can never just like confront what's scaring you, you know, I'm like, I just like so much shame in my spinal column.
It's like, it's crazy. I'm a shame driven man.
No, no, no.
What are you arguing with that for? I need, I need to have that be true so I can fix it. You can't. Don't tell me no.
All right. I didn't know it was part of the episode.
All right. Well, okay.
So then we got, we got how long is this arc? And we're talking like two, three more shows.
What till I'm not have no shame. It's a 49 year story. And I've been alive 45 years. So I yeah, four years is the answer to your question. It will be, I will, I will be done with this podcast and I will, I will Instagram under my new account.
Hey, no shame. It'll be like hidden in the comment of a like a picture of a wine label. Cody and I own a restaurant and some island or something.
I'll be like, by the way, I'm not ashamed of myself anymore. Cody's dad. Happy 70th birthday.
And since the last show, Stephen Heller, if you, you can, you can trace my Instagram. You can see his, he's a photographer and spent his 70th with him and went to his sushi place and where the hell are we?
Burbank? I don't know where we were. I don't know where he lives. I just follow, I just go where the Tesla tells me a guy plugged in a number.
But he was telling the stories about, you know, visiting his, his other daughter. And I wrote this down because I thought it was such a great quote.
It was offered so sincerely. He's telling a story about how he got, he had like, he just had kind of a wild night.
And he goes like, so we go to the, we go to, we go to the, we go to the concert and then there's a bar and we're, you know, we're having a good time.
I get over served.
So, you know, a lot of this is, I can't over serve. Long story short, I got over served. I like that a lot.
We are, we've got this CD case out, we're chopping it up and someone gives me a huge line of cocaine.
I got, I got, I got, I got, I got coke getting injected.
Someone blew a bunch of coke up my nose.
I love it that you're kicking it with him at 70. He's in good shape for 70.
He looks identical to me. People see me and him and Cody and they're like, what's going on?
Like, young lady, do your uncle and your dad want to, I don't know, park the car. I don't know what the, I just, we look the same age.
And that's, that's a warning shot across my bow.
But it's good, good for him. There's, there's 25 years between us.
I kind of want to like take the age between us and turn it into a dude and, and just talk to him.
This looks kind of like lump of 25 year old Plato. Like, would he be cool? I don't know.
Yeah.
I can't remember because I've been pretty drunk a lot lately. I've been over served in these, in these shows a lot.
So I know I've been talking about Fallout 4. I've been replaying Fallout 4.
But have I talked about the Preston Garvey issue in Fallout 4?
No, I don't think so.
Preston Garvey is a man that you meet early in the game. He's, he belongs to, in the post-apocalyptic wasteland.
He's, he's a, he's part of a, a now virtually extinct group of militia men called the Minutemen.
And they're kind of like a, they, they borrow their culture from like the, the revolutionary Minutemen.
And they represent like the hope for the future in this wasteland.
He happens to be African-American. And yes, that is an important part of the story.
Why are you looking at Spencer?
Yeah, what the fuck, man?
So pre, all of these characters like Fallout 4 is a very, very, I'm sure it's got lots of awards, but it really needs like special awards because it has these like the way that it handles this concept of romance.
You can play as either gender, and that's not me signing off on there being two genders. Thank you very much.
But according to this video game, apparently you got a salt or pepper.
But, but you, you, you can, you can play as one of two genders and, and, but it doesn't, it doesn't like flip all the other genders.
Like, which means that basically they're like, okay, so you might be gay in playing the game, you might be straight, you might be a man, you might be a woman, any combination of all of the above.
So they had to like, they had to create these characters that you hook, you, you, you encounter, and then they're your companions and they follow you around.
And then they, they will, if you, if they really get attached to you, they start, you know, they start gaining affinity for you.
And then you're experiencing that through these conversations.
But in these conversations, like, they had to keep in mind that this might be a man talking to a man who is not interested in male, male sex.
Like, so, but on the other hand, but it might also simultaneously be a man talking to a woman, a straight woman that's playing.
That's like really like, hello, sugar, sugar man, like, like when she, when she sees this guy the first time, you know, yes.
Like, and it's just, it's kind of, it's really this masterpiece, because I'm looking at this 45 year old man I'm replaying Fallout 4 and I'm like, you know, these female characters that they go like, oh, it's me, my name's Piper, and I'm a journalist.
And I'm like, I majored in journalism and like, hey, and it kind of like automatically like locked into this thing of like, like, like every time she goes like, hey, can I tell you something about my backstory and all this stuff?
And then there will be a button that says flirt, and then it'll build to a button that says romance.
Wow.
So you can play it however you want, but I just think the most interesting thing is because I started playing the game long enough that now all the guys are doing this too.
So here's the just the amazing thing about that I'm learning about sexual projection is that the women characters, when they say, hey, can I talk to you about something for a second?
You know, we've been traveling for a long time, and I never knew how to trust anybody, but you're really like traveling with you has really made me realize I need to get over my defense mechanisms and trust people.
And I just wanted to let you know, I really, I really trust you and you're really special to me.
And like, when it's a woman, and then there's the button that comes up that says flirt, so you retroactively go, oh, she's hitting on me.
That's what I do.
I don't know why I'm saying you.
Sometimes I like I like I got and then but then when when when it's a guy and he goes like, hey, could I talk to you for a second? You know, when I first met you, I wasn't sure I thought you were a tub of guts, but the universal brotherhood of steel needs everything they've gotten.
I just got to say you've given this old tin can soldier a new Lisa in life.
And then and then what and then the flirt button comes up and you're like, whoa.
It's really fascinating.
It's like an actual kind of an educational tool because it's like they had this.
I mean, because the game isn't the game is simply saying, these are people who are growing fond of you and then it's up to you to project on to it any way you want.
And the and and I am ashamed to say as a as a modern liberal this video game with that I still I haven't I haven't I haven't gone there with a dude yet and yet I have been so unfaithful in all of the female relationships.
I just keep I just keep like I'll max them out until I get all their combat bonuses and then I'll assign them to a supply line with cattle or something are all like I'll put them in a field because I'm like, well, I got their combat bonuses.
And now I'm now I'm with now I'm with what's your name.
And and like, so there's no shame about that.
There was a little bit of there was there was a little bit of difficulty with it, but clearly I got over it.
But I will not.
I still won't fucking do it.
No one's watching me.
I know I know the game isn't going to punish me or reward me in any particular way.
It's not going to make my character gay and like change my weapons.
It's it's it's I know that the only thing that's going to happen is the conclusion of a fucking like algorithm.
And I still don't do it.
Shame on me.
I should be fucking everyone in the apocalyptic wasteland.
So you might have more value value in that community.
You might rise to a king because you met a dude and you guys fell in love because the way you set your shit up, you got to be the president.
It would be a man. So here's this is why I brought this up.
So this is why it's important that Preston Garvey is African American.
Right.
So Preston Garvey is one of these male characters who the so his is particularly it's it's legitimately like it's it's great.
Like he he when he gets to the peak where it's time to either hit romance or not.
He says, hey, can I talk to you about something?
You know, something I know.
How he sounds.
You know, what do you want me to do?
He's not he doesn't have big headphones on and roller skates.
He's not like, hey.
I mean, you earlier did say something about confronting your fears on stage and we cool.
This guy, this guy, he's he sounds like you. He's he's he's an unmistakably black man.
But there's no impression to do of him.
He's not like, oh, I'm an Italian chef.
You know, like, and you're not like, yo, blood, like, you're Brandon.
I don't think I don't think, you know, I'm not like, like, and so he's he's a gentleman.
He likes to dress up.
I don't mean to derail you.
And he's deep. He's a deep thinker and he's an emotionally available friend.
And so he comes up to you when you're playing this game, when you get up to the peak levels with him and he's been
what he says is he goes, can I tell you something?
Well, you know, I already told you about how, you know, it's really important that you.
Fuck, I'm sorry.
It's important that he has this like even keel because it's a voice actor reading a script into a microphone.
So that's what's also creepy about it is that he's not.
There is no like hemming and hawing about it.
It's just like reading.
It's like saying these things.
I already told you about how when I first met you, I wasn't sure you were a natural leader and then I was inspired by you.
But there's one more thing I haven't told you.
Before I met you, I lost so much hope that I wasn't sure if I wanted to live anymore.
I often thought about ending it all.
I've never told anyone that before, but I thought about ending it all, all the time.
And just before I met you, I was really thinking about ending it all and I really wanted to let you know that.
And then you have four buttons and one says like flirt.
Like, I don't know, like I won't even save my place and just see what that is.
Like, is it, is it?
Do you go like, well, if you ended it all, that would mean a couple less drinks on me.
I don't know what that button is, but then one is like, hey, let's keep this professional or something like that.
And then one is like the one I would hit in real life, which is like, thank you for being honest with me.
I appreciate how hard that must be because what you're telling me is you can't tell anybody about this.
So thank you.
So that's like, that's penultimate.
So then what happens is with these characters, if you, it turns out if you don't friend zone them,
if you don't actively friend zone them with the B button, if you don't, there's a button that basically says like,
keep fucking chill, like, keep it, keep it above the belt and like rock on. And I won't press that either.
So not only am I homophobic, I'm also like a crazy like codependent hunter.
Like I, like I just farm these guys that are like, when I walk through my settlement, these men who are all,
these men are all saying like, hey, can we talk now?
And, and, and I'll get, I'll get cornered by them and I'll go, uh-huh.
And then, and then Preston's like his whole thing is he goes like, he keeps, he keeps doing it's on a loop now.
And here's the thing, it's like, okay, he's first, now he's African American, he's dressed like a revolutionary soldier
and through no selection of my own, he is working on crops.
Like he, like that's the default that happens. So he's a black man dressed like 1700 soldier in a tricorner hat,
digging in dirt, who when I walk by, he pops out of bushes that he's like cultivating and goes like,
now is a good time for that talk.
And I go, maybe he's asking you to help him out.
And one of the, well, I always, I stop and I go, because, and one of the buttons is like, I thought we already talked about this.
I swear that one of the buttons is like, we taught, we, I already, I already heard you.
And when you press that, he says, okay, cool, because I just never told anybody that before.
And then, and then one of the buttons says romance.
So you, and then one of the buttons says, keep it professional.
And I never press it.
And then one of the buttons says, thank you for sharing.
Then I keep pressing it.
What am I doing?
And why don't I assign him to a different job?
It's uncomfortable.
Or put him in a different outfit.
Dress him as a space man at least.
Like it's, it's a weird mind fuck.
There's also, there's other guys.
There's guys that are like George Clooney's and like, like armor.
And like, like, I don't know if the, I don't know if the robots eventually come on to you.
But, but, and then again, the point is they don't come on to you.
They might, they're designed to just say, I have, I trust you.
And okay, that's it.
So anyways, there's just a lot of shit going on.
I want you to rescue this dude because he had to work for the military.
And he has some beans that he's growing with his hands.
Maybe listen to him next time and see what he does.
I listen to him every time.
I'm trying to tell you, I listen to him every time.
I'm caught in this crazy fucking hamster wheel.
Like maybe what if that's, well, if we're just seeing a low five version of the simulation that is real life.
What if my relationship with these people is like, is that like,
I keep hitting the A button on like, well, do you need approval?
Or do you want to be yourself?
And then I keep hitting this like this middle line option where I'm like,
I appreciate you coming to the show.
And then they keep hitting this button that's like, man, I'm a big fan of yours.
And we're just like, we're never going to like keep it professional.
Nor are we going to flirt, you know, like we're not going to like max our combat bonuses.
Anyways, I, yeah, I really enjoying my fall out for fucking, that's a rich game.
It's a real good game.
The settlement aspect, like, like, like you got to check it out.
That's for a different episode.
I'll be talking about fall out for the next six episodes.
And what is this new show?
The new show.
Yeah.
What are you watching?
Maniac.
Yeah.
I like it.
Yeah, I got, I got, I like it too.
She's great.
Oh, she's so good.
I know, is that, is there, we say she's an italics, like, like there's like a little
subtext there that if Jonah Hill's listening, he's like, like, yeah, she's amazing.
I just figured, you know, we'll start off with her first.
We'll give her her props first.
We'll work our way to Jonah Hill.
Calm down, Jonah Hill.
It is just, I love, I love, I like the construction of the show.
Like I'm a very jaded TV viewer.
I don't, you know, like, you know, like, but I really, I'm really glad I stuck with it.
Yeah.
And I'm not done with it yet, but I like, yeah, I like, I like the very, very unique combination
of giving you what you maybe didn't know you wanted while at the same time continually
going lateral.
So there's like, like stuff that's just, oh, I'm always lateral.
I'm going lateral.
I'm also so lateral, it's predictable where it's like, like, like just sort of like,
yeah, I get it.
You hate people, you know, and then there's stuff that's like, oh, I'm Charles Schultz.
I'm going to make you love like yours to your heart.
And, and like, you're like, okay, yeah, I can see your pattern there.
But like, I like, I like this nice blend here.
Like this isn't, I don't, I don't feel like I'm in the hands of amateurs or old stodgy
foggy bottoms when I watch the show.
And I feel like I feel like I feel like it's a, yeah.
I like the stuff that they're doing.
It stays outwitting.
Yeah.
There was a point where I said, okay, I really like the show now.
And it wasn't like at a point where anything got revealed, it was just sort of like, it
was like right at the top of the episode where now they're into the second like iteration
of them having different lives.
And he's like a magician that's like anything.
And then it wasn't, it wasn't that yet, because previously in a jaded way, I said, so what
is this show just going to do this now?
Every week, different life.
And not really asking myself what I like that or not.
And then when I really started giving it to me and I was like, okay, I like it.
But also more importantly that they came out and they were showing the computer people
and then what the computer people were saying and how the attention that they're paying
to the logic of the sci-fi is really important to me.
Yeah.
And there's a lot of like thought about psychology.
That's not just as simple as like, I'm Tyler Durden.
I'm like, I represent your fucking booyah side.
You know.
Incredible.
There's like clearly a lot of thought going into like, what is that?
Like you really like, like, oh, the difference between her and him on a fundamental level
and stuff.
Yeah.
Okay.
I've made our guests wait long enough.
He, I met him at my neighbor Beth's house.
Her son Timmer.
Boy, there's a lot of backstory here that's just like, you wouldn't even know.
So Dan had this tree, right?
Yeah.
I had this tree that had to get cut down.
Great episode.
Classic Harmontown.
Right.
I mean, amazing episode.
My neighbor Beth and her, you might remember her kid as the nutty kid who always did the
Haunted House every year, the Haunted Maze.
So, you know, kids grow up fast.
They've been doing this shit for a long time.
So he's like 40 now.
And he made, he made a short film and like all this stuff like, like, so I was, I was just
at their house at a barbecue and I met this guy and he told me about his YouTube thing.
And I was like, you should come on the show and plug that anyways.
Let's talk to him about it instead of me explaining it to you.
Please welcome my new friend Omar Camacho.
I did a little fist bump.
Okay.
Yo.
Omar, Omar is a star.
Omar is a star.
Omar is a star of a YouTube series.
It's hard to do this terminology now because, okay, so you got your YouTube and then you
got your YouTube channels, like there's these people that have a channel called Me Too.
Right.
Not to be confused with hashtag Me Too.
No, no, no.
This is Me Too.
Yeah.
Am I with a slanty instead of a dot?
It's the you, I think.
Oh, is it?
Yeah.
Oh, you think?
It makes me feel better that you don't know.
No, yeah, yeah.
It's in the green room chilling right now, you know what I mean?
It could be the I, it could be the you.
It could be I or you.
I don't know.
I just, I'm a white guy and I see the little accents that you have to hold an iPhone button
down longer to get.
Right.
And I'm just like, that's Gandalf shit.
I don't even know.
I know the name of one, which is a tilde, right?
And that's what makes you.
Tilde, yeah, yeah.
You're right about that.
You know what's up, man?
I know that's a little more Mexican than I am, you see.
The tilde you hit it in Fallout 4, if you want to do console commands, you want to like,
you can use it to raise the graphic budget of your settlements.
Oh, anyways, but so you do, so me too does this, they do all kinds of shit.
And one of the things they do is a recurring like series.
Cholo's try.
Yeah, definitely, man.
It's a, you know, it's just something that they put together real quick on the, on the
fly.
I think, you know, because it just happens so divinely that, you know, we've got, it got
all this recognition, you know, because we want to see Cholo's try stuff.
And sorry, I don't want to get too familiar with that word because that's the one thing
I wanted to ask you.
All right.
First, let's define Cholo.
I looked it up in the, on the phone on the way here and I knew that I would see one definition
that I kind of would have guessed because just my white guilt kind of like that it's sort
of like a, there's a definition that's sort of like a derogatory, whatever, like kind of
the definition that I would have guessed maybe.
Right, right, right.
But then there was the one that, then there was all this shit about mestizo, like, like,
like people with different blood and all this stuff.
There's like a lot of,
It goes deep, man.
It goes very, very deep, man.
But now, I mean, nowadays in modern era, you know, it gets a misrepresented, you know,
as a negative thing.
So that's what, you know, the, the media, you know, profiles, what a gangster is a Cholo,
you know what I'm saying?
And as long as it's a title of your show, I can use it in that context.
But if I were, I'd have to be a very trusted white guy in a bar to like, to like refer
to somebody in the third person as Cholo, like, like, like in front of someone of Mexican
descent, like they would be like, they would bristle.
Why are you using that word?
I'm a fucking mechanic, bro.
What the hell are you talking about, though?
Like, like, because it's not, it's not, it's not, it's not an innocent phrase.
It's like, it's, it's got like,
Yeah, it's not, it gets thrown out a lot, you know what I mean?
But, but then there's the traditional kind of like taking it, taking it back.
I actually wanted to read the definitions of that.
I mean, what it is, what, you know, what we all know it for nowadays is, you know,
thug-ass homie in the hood.
Thug-ass homie in the hood.
Yeah.
That's the one that I would have guessed.
It's an informal offensive, a lower class Mexican, especially in an urban area.
There.
Wow.
Yeah.
Pretty easy.
Fuck the Webster dictionary.
Shit, I'm gonna have to holler at him.
Before that, though, it says a Latin American with Indian blood semicolon a mestizo.
And I was like, what?
Right.
Okay.
And then US, a teenage boy, especially in a Mexican-American community who is a member of a street gang.
Yeah, well, yeah, you know, that's what it is.
You know, but what is a 16-year-old boy?
It's a teenage boy.
Oh, shit.
One full-star gang bangin' at eight years old, man.
Well, yeah.
I think, well, if you're, you know, if you're really thugged up, eight's the new 13.
Yeah, it is, man.
You get those, you get those, those quinceanera tattoos.
I fake it till you make it, Harmon.
Speaking of which...
Pressant tattoos.
So, how much of a cholo, like, like, how much do you, do you gleefully self-apply that?
And how much are you, like, I'm an actor and I want to own my, I don't want to be, like,
a sell-out and, like, say, please absorb me up, you know, like, like, what's your relationship
with that word?
Well, it's a trip, man, because right now, how I feel about it, it's ironic that, you know,
it's, it's kind of fucked up sometimes that you get typecasted in the industry, you know what I'm
saying, to play this thug role, cholo or prisoner or whatever, you know what I mean?
So, the media perceives us as that, you know, and that's, a lot of the times we get those
roles.
Yeah.
But before me jumping into the industry, before I got exposed to, like, you know, doing
extra stuff and then, you know, lead roles and some small shit and feature shit or whatever,
you know, I grew up in the ghetto, man.
I grew up in the hood, man.
I'm from East LA.
I was raised in South Central and I grew up in Compton, man.
So, it's like, I got, I got all of that shit at an early age.
I used to tag and shit, you know what I mean?
Your friends, you're, if you, if you, if you YouTube cholos try and watch this guy, this,
this guy is the, he's the Paul Rudd of the cholos, like, like, in the, in that you are
not covered with, like, very intimidating.
I assume prison tattoos with scar, with scar in prison.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't know, to be honest with you.
That's fucking loyalty right there.
I'll let him tell you that shit.
Was your friend ever in jail?
I don't know, man.
I don't even know if that dude is my friend, officer.
I'll be honest with you.
I thought that was a lady.
Was it a dude right there?
I don't speak English.
I don't know nothing.
Cus.
One of the, one of the cholos, again, using that phrase in the context it's provided,
not, not like I'm all excited to call people, to dehumanize people.
One of the cholos from cholos try is this guy, Scar, who has a fucking Omar from the
wire scar going down, but not, well, Omar's thing is, like, more fucked.
Like, this is, is that real?
Cus it looks cinematic.
It looks like a lion tried to kill him with its middle finger.
Yeah, well, basically that's what-
And he closed his eyes at just the right time.
So he has, like, a fucking thing going down his forehead that continues in a slightly
offset way down his cheek.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Does he have a story for that scar?
Other than being a big fan of the Lion King as a, that I know, you know, that's the homie.
You know, that's my boy.
And it's a tat, you know, a lot of people do think it's something that's for reals,
for reals, but it's a, it's a tat.
Oh, it's a tat too.
Yeah, the homie will tell you.
Ah, fucking Scar, come on.
Yeah, but you know, from what the homie has ever told me, like, cause I've asked him,
you know, and I'm like, yeah, fool, you know, something about the Lion King, you know, Scar,
the uncle and shit, y'all know what's up with that movie back in the day?
It's like the uncle.
Yeah, yeah.
You know what I mean?
I don't know, I guess he liked the name and I guess he liked the Scar right there and
then, you know, he went all out with it.
Damn.
And then he got me impugning a cholo's, a cholo ship.
I'm like, wait, that's a tattoo.
Oh, what a poser.
Hey, but you.
Hey.
No, I mean, the other guy, what is it with the, the, cause, can you, so you really can't
answer that?
Cause I, I thought, I thought there was, I thought something that you guys, one of you
guys said in one of the things that I saw, someone referred, otherwise I wouldn't cause
I'd be afraid to be offensive to do it, that someone referred to his tats and the other,
and one of the other guys as prison tattoos, that they were, that they were prison tattoos.
Nah, another thing the homie told me, he said he was eating pineapple.
That's all I got that time.
You know, pineapple.
He was trying to throw a little zinger out there.
You know what I'm saying?
So I get it, fool.
You're eating some raunchy shit.
So you guys are like actors who are like bunched together by a YouTube producer who's like,
here, like now watch Mean Girls and tell us what you think.
Like they're not, you're not like, Hey, it's good to see you again.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It was basically something that was just, you know, I guess plight it on for like a week
or something.
I don't know.
Cause I got hit up with that shit last minute.
Some of the things that the Cholos try on Cholos try hipster fashion, which I thought
was really interesting because, because it was like, well, I thought it was interesting.
It was when you guys making that gas face, like based on like certain shit that I couldn't
like, cause fashion in general, I can't, I'm like, what?
Like, like, and so like, like seeing a guy who's like, who's like comfort zone is like
with the button, the top button thing with the, you know, the flannel.
And then, and then you put that guy in a pretty much the same shirt, but all the buttons and
the sleeves are short and he's like, well, I feel like a point dexter.
And I'm like, yeah, man.
Like you look, you already look like a point dexter to me that I thought that I always thought
that was part of like the whole threat.
Like you see like a, like when you see a dude and he's got the sandals and socks and the
socks are all the way up and you look normal with that on it.
Is there anything to like, like the Cholo culture is fucking dumb.
I feel so dumb saying that phrase.
Could you confirm a suspicion that I've had since moving to LA where it's like some of
that stuff is like, I dare you to fucking like think less of me like, like, like do it.
Like, I guess I could say like any urban like fashion choices, like where it's like, whether
it's like a price tag hanging off of things or like something like, like, like doing things
wrong on purpose as like a red flag to a, to, to, to a, to a white bull.
Like, like, like, why don't you come, come, come at me kind of thing.
Like, please make the mistake of like, of, of, of saying that I shouldn't be wearing this
after Labor Day.
Well, no, I mean, for me personally, as long as you ain't fucking with me, you don't pose
no threat to me wearing that kind of shit.
You could have wear whatever the fuck you want.
You know what I mean?
Just don't catch me wearing that shit.
I don't wear that tight stuff, man.
I don't know.
I got a breeze, man.
And literally when I fucking tried that stuff on bro, literally I felt like kicking my own
ass down.
I swear to God dude.
There was some stuff where I was like, okay, I can see how you're uncomfortable with that
other stuff.
I was like, to me, that looks pretty much the same.
Like it is just a different kind of t-shirt.
And then like, like, but you can't really fucking nobody for what they wearing, you know
what I'm saying?
Catch a felony for that shit.
But you know, shit.
I mean, I just fuck kind of trend you gone.
Like, you know what I'm saying?
Like I'm from, I'm an 80s baby.
You know what I mean?
So I grew up in the late 80s and the 90s.
You know what I'm saying?
2000.
So I always wear that 501 shit, you know what I'm saying?
Black, white, solid tee, white tee, whatever.
You know what I'm saying?
Dickies and all that shit.
But I feel like these dudes adopted some of that from us.
You know what I mean?
Because you know, with the flannels.
These dudes wear flannels.
It's just for these cats.
I don't know.
Maybe they ain't fluffy like me, man, but they, they got some, they always wear that shit
tight dude.
It's like, can you even bend?
Can you climb up a stair or something when you, you know what I'm saying?
With that tight ass shit on, you know?
They tough them on the bottom.
I don't know.
I think that I'm saying like underneath this, I am all sinew and muscle.
Like I'm, I, I, I need to keep warm.
Yeah.
Well, you try to be a machista with that shit on homie.
You in the wrong city though.
Yeah.
Childless.
You guys, the Cholos try hipster fashion.
We watched Mean Girls, which was really just a couple of dudes watching Mean Girls and
getting it.
Like it was just like, oh, okay.
Yeah.
She's now, now she's realizing that it's not about that.
It's about this.
Okay.
Got you.
My honey man made me watch that shit after she saw the episode.
And I was like, nah, I'm good.
I just saw little pieces of it, but I'm gonna be real, man.
I like that shit.
She was tired.
What, what is your favorite part of that?
Well, basically the fact that the chick is from Africa, right?
And she comes over just that my favorite part was the, the, the, the food fight.
Okay.
You know what I'm saying?
It reminded me a lot of, a lot of back in high school, man.
I started a couple of food fights and shit.
Like a plan through a couple of chicken patties and shit at somebody.
So that was cool.
We brought back flashbacks and I liked that it was cool.
You know, it had a cool little twist to it.
So, you know, I'm a big movie buff too.
So I'm not going to shy from, you know, watching some shit just because it's a chick flick.
My chick watch wants to watch it.
Hey, blaze out.
Let's Netflix and chill and shit.
Yeah, man.
Movies are moving.
Yeah.
Like, yeah.
All right.
Well, I'll put a pin in that.
I want to get back to that.
Like Dan's playing that business.
But, but I was like, you guys surf, you golf, you ballroom dance.
But the stuff that's got more interesting is like the stuff that's not so it's like,
like you, you watch Speedy Gonzalez.
Oh, that's like the most racist shit ever.
At the top of it, like what is just so funny when somebody says the most obvious thing,
but it's like takes on such charisma as I can't remember which guy it is, but it's like in
the intro to the video, it's like, we're going to watch Speedy Gonzalez.
I used to watch it when I was a kid.
Speedy was, Speedy was, he was my homie.
But now I'm an adult and I know what racism is.
So it might be different.
I don't know.
I haven't, I haven't watched it in a while.
Let's check it out.
And then it's just as you would predict.
But then it's, are they still making that movie or is that, is that just kibosh?
Do we know if they're still making a Speedy Gonzalez movie?
I'm going to have to update on that one, man, because I'm really curious to see what they come out with.
And you know, you know how it is in the game, man.
You know, you hear about it, you know, way in advance.
So I don't know if it might be a next year thing or, or even how true to the fact that it is.
It's just we came across it and, you know, that's what it was.
We were like, let's review this shit.
Well, in that simple thing, it's just like, oh, we watched Speedy Gonzalez.
Let me comment on it. It's the YouTube video.
But it's like the place where it's left is the same place that after maybe two years of me trying to be woke and like figure shit out,
like as a writer, as a TV writer who has influence over people, my many hit shows.
Of course, yeah.
Like, like, there's a constant pressure on me.
Like, Harmon, get your brain right. You're affecting like so many people.
Waking up looking like doc and shit on Back to the Future, huh?
Like, what the fuck is going on?
And I want to decode the same stuff that you end up talking about in the end, right?
In the end is like, you watch a bunch of clubs of Speedy Gonzalez.
He's going to Arriva, Arriva.
What one person notes that we've, we've, we never sing the Cucaracha for anything.
There's no, there's no occasion. There's no, it's his boy.
This boy is like lazy. It's not, it's not just Speedy.
It's that they made slow, slow, slow.
No, the thing is with all of these like things, but so like, and then in the end of it, it's like,
you're like, if they make the movie, I think it's you saying this.
You're like, if they make the movie, look, you know, like, I'm not saying don't make the movie,
but like, you should probably involve some Mexican people.
Oh, the stuff which is like, we all have this like, kind of, we're coming around to this wisdom,
but it's like, this is this thing, like, you don't have to have any answer to this either,
because I think this is what we keep struggling with is, we have this like, like, we're like,
we use this word culture, and then so then half the time we're like, we treat culture like it's like
a butterfly in a museum or something or like, like, like, oh my God, this thing's going to die out
or you got to stay true to this thing and all this stuff.
But then like, you could be a villain and stay true to your culture, like, like, like,
which is exhibited by you, you know, this show saying like, you know, like, well, let's go skydiving.
Like, it doesn't mean that only white people skydive, and it doesn't mean that Mexican people never skydive,
but it's like, you're, we're cholos, we're striking a silhouette here.
Yeah, yeah.
Let's go skydiving, let's go golfing, let's go, let's go surfing.
But it's like, it does, it's like, the thing that like, my Asperger brain like, can't fucking,
it's like, what is my-
Get it, Dan, get it, get it.
It's, it's, it's like, it's like, like, like, and I know the answer is neither,
it's just like some combination of the two, but it's just like this constant fucking thing where it's like,
are we, are we all supposed to be alike, or are we all supposed to like, like, represent, you know?
Man, I see it like this, man.
I see it as like, fuck the stereotypes, man, because that's what everybody got us twisted with.
Everybody, all cultures, you know what I'm saying?
The stereotypes and shit.
You know, and, and doing this shit right and getting it right and saying the truth, you know what I mean?
Because, I mean, the reason why we saw that now as a, as Dan, this shit is racist as fuck.
It's because, you know, we saw it as an, we see it as an adult, but as kids, we don't see that.
You know what I'm saying?
And the people who are writing these cartoons and coming up with these cartoons are pretty much generating those stereotypes.
Like all these fools, all they do is fucking work in the warehouse and all this and that.
You know what I mean?
So it's like, if that is, if that is what it is, you know, there's people out there trying to break from that.
You know what I'm saying?
We don't just all work in this fucking warehouse.
I work in the office, dude.
I'm cool.
I'm chilling.
Clerical work.
Call me, I'm born here, so I got rights.
You know what I mean?
So I'm doing my thing, but I'm not going to let my people shit go in vain.
Right.
But what they came here to do, but see, that's, that's was projected at that time.
You know what I'm saying?
As, as a stereotype that maybe is why you're having that, that little clash.
So if we, if we celebrate stuff, because it's like, it's like, it's like, like we celebrate like cultures and it's like, like one of the big things that I'm learning about as a white person is that there is shit to learn about.
Like the idea that, that, that without perceiving it, that I, that I never, I never knew that I was making this active choice, which is what somebody else might have to do when they wake up in the morning.
And I was actually, without making the choice that I was actually thinking of myself as default, vanilla, mainstream, normal.
That's the thing that we're coping with right now is like, is like white people going like, what did I do?
I didn't do anything wrong.
What's going on around here?
What's with all the alarm bells?
And it's like, I didn't do anything.
And it's like, yeah, you didn't do anything.
And while you weren't doing anything, you can't, you're like, well, who am I?
What the fuck am I?
And so then we get into these, like, I think the, the, the evil versions of me are people that are equally confused, but their confusion generates like this, this anger and frustration where they're just like, what the fuck are we supposed to do?
Like, I think I could, I've told this story on this, on this podcast before, like, I was working with this writer who, who's researching like Henry Ford, or in that era.
And he told me this anecdote about Henry Ford
at his factories, like he had this thing called American
Day or something.
And he would encourage all of his workers
that were from all over the world.
He would say, if you're going to dress like you're Polish,
like for real, it's sort of like you
imagine it being some kind of themed Friday,
Taco Tuesday or something.
But it was basically ethnic day.
But because they would do this ceremony,
like whatever you are, if you're Polish,
like where your most Polish outfit,
if you're Mexican, where your most Mexican outfit is good,
yeah?
And so, and then they would do this big ceremony
on the factory floor where they had a literal giant melting
pot.
All of these prideful, grateful workers
who were part of this new experiment called America
with like wearing their Polish outfits
would climb into this, they would walk into this like melting
pot, and then they would take off their Polish clothes
and put on a suit and tie, or like, and then they
would come out the other side, and it would be like,
here you are.
And it was like this, and it's like, to me,
that absolutely encapsulates the big fucking question.
Because when you hear that, you immediately go,
that sounds problematic as far as management.
But then you go, also, there's an asterisk in there
in my brain where I go, yeah, but the bad guys are constantly
encouraging us to hold on to the differences, too.
This thing of like, well, women do this, men do that,
and it's like, we're starting to recognize
that that's like a theme, like separating us
is how you keep us powerless.
Right, right.
Well, see, I want to know, who are the bad guys?
Who are you speaking of?
Well, I'm talking about Nazis, have you heard of them?
Oh, OK, OK, yeah, yeah, yeah.
The government over here.
I'm talking about them less and less as they get richer
and richer, and just want to sneak out quietly.
I feel that shit.
I just want to die in a fucking lighthouse,
so like, well, the fucking atom bombs go off,
like fucking fallout style, baby.
Oh, yeah.
There's no fighting these old bones.
No, I don't know.
You watch Game of Thrones, I'm the Onion Knight.
I've got cable, bro.
I've got cable.
How do you feel like your people feel about the stuff
that you do?
They're proud, man.
Let me ask you this question, if like, do you care?
Are you out just making content for content's sake,
which is also dope?
No.
Do you care what your people think?
Definitely, man.
Definitely.
I think that's very important, you know what I'm saying?
To an artist, you know?
Yeah.
You got to care about what your people think, you know?
Because otherwise, what are you doing it for?
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
As opposed to, you know, doing it for yourself,
which is another thing, but like,
once you've done that past that level,
it's like, is what you're doing really worth it?
Right.
Is it making an impact?
Is it, you know, spreading a message,
sending a message or something, you know what I mean?
Yeah, what do people say to you?
Like, when they bump into people,
you can recognize, I'm sure.
Yeah, man.
Even at the taco stands, bro.
Can't even order tacos sometimes and shit.
Hey, aren't you that guy?
That's dope.
And I'd be like, uh, where, bro?
I just want to test it.
Yeah, aren't you that dude from, you know, the videos,
Cholos Try videos?
Yeah.
Can I take a picture with you, Doc?
Holding a big-ass burrito and shit, like, you know?
In the natural.
You'd be like, yeah, man, my natural element is shit.
Yeah, you already know.
It's like a baby, you know?
Like, there was a wonderful backstage event,
because it was like, what is the one thing that you
were made to try through the show that you actually
stuck with you?
And the answer was sushi, right?
Sushi, yes, yes.
Did I ever try sushi?
Yeah.
OK, damn.
All right, yeah.
Y'all probably live on the hipster side of town.
You won't catch no fucking sushi restaurant in Compton,
bro, I'll tell you that.
But yeah, that was one of the main things
that really stuck with me, man.
I was really, really, really skeptical for a long time,
dude, because that shit, I don't know.
It does sound like the pinnacle of rich people
using themselves for no reason.
Like, eat this seaweed with raw fish, yeah?
Yeah, you know?
And not to sound culturally racist or nothing like that.
I'm going to be Spanish, if I sound offended, but nah.
That's all I.
If it's reverse racism, I think we'd all very much enjoy it.
Oh shit.
Well, please, please whip us.
I don't know.
I guess people would think I love to eat tacos, which I do.
But I assume that it was just an Asian cuisine.
You know what I mean?
For just Asian people, you know what I mean?
When I saw that, that was, you know, they fucked with it.
Because I worked for a Korean dude one time,
and he brought us some, and I think
they were California rolls.
They had no, you know, raw, nothing.
But that seaweed, I thought it was fish scales.
So I didn't even fuck with it, man.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
If you had got barbecue, though,
I can't believe he brought you sushi.
Yeah, right?
That's what the fuck I'm saying.
What the fuck?
If you.
They fucked me up with that one, dude.
That's why you didn't trust it, because you were like,
why is a Korean dude bringing me Japanese food?
Yeah, if it was warm and it looked like it was cooked
and looked like, you know, something to what I eat,
like carne asada or whatever, then I'm with it.
I'm sorry, I'm spilling my shit over you.
No, that's OK.
It's OK.
I can fill you up, too, or help yourself.
All right.
Is that vodka?
Yes, sir.
OK.
The homie brought me water, but I thought I'd
help myself to some little drink.
Please do.
It's for after.
Cheers, everybody.
Cheers, man, too.
Cheers.
Everybody, man.
Can't answer that.
What sushi did you like?
Once we tried it, man, and I was really open-minded to it,
and I tried it, and I was like, OK, this is pretty good.
I guess I'll give it a try next time.
I went out, you know what I'm saying?
And I had me a little sushi date or whatnot,
and I like that shrimp tempura stuff.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
But you know what I do, though?
The reason why I like it, though,
is because I make a little paste called, what I call,
crack sauce.
It's very addicting, man.
I swear, dude.
It's basically low-sodium soy sauce with sriracha sauce,
and I dip my sushi roll in it, and I just chomp it up, dude.
Yeah.
Bomb, homie.
It explodes in my mouth, dude.
No homo.
I'm a bad shit and sound right.
That shit and sound right.
But it's like a party in my mouth, man.
And I'm like, oh, damn, girl, where you been at all my life?
You know, it's like that.
Sushi's bomb.
I love it, man.
I love sushi, man.
I love Patrick Shrimp.
What's your dream gig as an actor?
Can you point at anything that anybody else is doing
or a kind of movie that you'd like to be in?
And it doesn't have to be realistic in whatever.
Don't, you know, like, this is your fantasy.
Like, what would you like to be doing as an actor?
Shit.
My timeframe, my life, man, I would
like to be, if anything, somehow reincarnated
to Antonio Banderas' fucking career, man.
Antonio Banderas is a shit, man.
You know what I'm saying?
As far as him being a Latino, I respect his work and all that.
He did a lot of good stuff, man.
And I always thought he was a good actor, you know?
And, you know, somewhere along those lines, you know?
He never really played the cholo homie role,
like some dudes in Standing Deliver,
and, you know, Lou Diamond Phillips, you know,
which is a very well-known respected actor in the game.
We do have this.
I know if my ex-girlfriend, who's like a media studies,
probably got her PhD by now, she would always
blow my mind with all this shit.
But she would, I imagine if she was sitting here, she'd go,
yeah, but there's also this, the Latin lover thing
is like this other way of like, it's like,
there's two ways of, like, oppressing African-American,
like people, Brandon, I'll explain it to you.
It's like, there's like the infantilizing where it's like,
oh, look at this little knucklehead.
He doesn't mean no harm.
And then there's the thugged out kind of like, uh-oh, careful.
Someone's rolling up.
It's like Eddie Murphy.
You always try to take the big dick thing away, oh.
I've never tried to take that away.
There's three things.
Infantilizing, whatever that word was.
Big dick and then thug.
And the one that upsets me the most is the big dick one.
Yeah.
It's just so, so stereotypical.
Not only have I never questioned that stereotype,
either of you, like, a few people do.
We just tolerate it, don't we?
But it's like, but that God, that, you know, they're like,
oh, I'm a Latin, they're also like a Mandingo thing.
Like, that idea of sexualizing a less than privileged class,
like, it can feel like it's like awesome.
But at the same time, it's like, if you're
into the hobby of problematization,
because you had a degree, it's like,
you can trace how it actually, but why am I shitting
on your dream?
You want to be fucking, but Darius isn't just in movies
where he's seducing white honeys with a rose in his teeth.
He also was like, he was like, he was the Mexican Bruce
Willis, was what he was.
Yeah, basically.
He's Spanish, though?
OK, sorry.
Racist.
No, you're good.
Nationalists.
Just shouting it out.
Can I?
OK, so yeah, let me ask dumb white people questions
about Latinx culture.
If you see a Spanish guy, do you guys get in a fight?
It's a joke.
It's a joke question.
No, no, I'm going to answer that shit for you, man,
because it's a yes and a no answer, you know what I'm saying?
Because it all depends on the person who it is.
I've rolled around with homies that they're active and whatever.
And we're going to Hollywood Boulevard just chilling
and we're walking.
I'm peeping out the honeys, but this was peeping out the dudes
as who's mad, dog, in this food.
Like, what the fuck are you looking at for?
And they want to start some shit, and I'm like, dog.
Chill, homie.
Kick it with the honeys.
You see what's up with the honeys?
I ain't trying to go to jail tonight, dog.
You know what I'm saying?
We are here in Hollywood Boulevard and shit, you know?
So sometimes it could happen if you're not
with the right people.
I think that, OK.
Let's dig into the, all right.
So I want to dig into this fantasy.
Like, maybe let's do the movie where you're this kind of,
like, if you were a bandera's type, like, what's your favorite,
not your favorite movie, I hate when people ask me that.
What's a movie that you really like?
Like, you would be like, man, if I was in that movie,
I'd be so excited.
Maybe something like Carlitos, Waste, Scarface.
If it was a bandera's movie, it'd be Desperado.
You know, Trejo was in that a while back.
You know, I mean, he's doing, you know.
I like how you say Trejo.
Yeah, yeah.
Danny's cool, man.
It's very Latinx.
Oh, yeah.
What's the, is that new Latinx?
I just learned that.
I was so excited about it.
School me on that shit, then.
I don't have to help.
You know, have you ever heard of different Latinx?
It stood up because I think it's just.
I can help, maybe.
So you know how there's, like, Latino or Latina?
I think Latinx is just trying to do both of those.
Oh, it's like a sci-fi.
I think that's the way people do it.
Like, gender identification type of shit?
Well, kind of, it's just like, it's like to say,
kind of like Latin people, like, like, like saying,
oh, so you're like, you're like a Latinx comedian
or something, like, like you're just in that community.
Like, that's how people use it, I think.
Well, Brenda, do you want to weigh it?
Shit.
OK.
Oh, oh, I want to know.
I'm not going to, I'm not.
All I know is Malcolm X.
I'm just guessing.
Is it true that Malcolm X was developed because there
was Malcolm M and Malcolm O?
Yeah.
There.
Malcolm X representation.
There had been Malcolm 9.
And Malcolm in the middle, too.
Don't forget that guy.
Thank you.
But like, OK, yeah, OK, I want to write this movie for you.
OK.
OK, so let's see.
I'm trying to figure out how to do it.
Like, I don't want to put you in the spot, but OK.
Let's do, let's do like a radio play.
Let's come up with a name for your character.
It doesn't have to be crazy.
Do you want to name them or?
Yeah, we can, I can name them, man.
How about a?
Toco.
I like that.
Break it back.
Let's make that the name of the movie, Toco.
All right.
Could it be Toco 3000 AD?
Yeah.
Just so that I can, otherwise, because if I'm writing it like.
Is that still before today, though?
No, no, no, no.
But, but yeah, exactly.
Yeah, it could, but it could be so far in the future
that the shit got thrown back.
So it's more savage.
Like, I doesn't like as long as, because otherwise,
I just don't want to like be out of bounds with.
No, you know what?
I'm going to confront my fears.
All right, let's do that.
It's called Toco.
It's set in 2018, Los Angeles.
All right.
You know what?
Echo Park.
Orale.
Familiar with the area.
Yeah.
OK, there's a guy, Toco.
He's just getting out of the joint.
You mentioned Carlitos way.
He did not belong in the joint.
He went to the joint for the best reason
you could go to the joint, being a gentleman.
Yeah, definitely.
To his homies.
Definitely.
Like, always happens.
Stuck by his homies.
Like, did the honorable thing in a dishonorable world
is now getting out, Toco.
But we don't want to be too Carlito derivative.
So like, we've got to change something up here.
All right.
But Toco's getting out.
Well, let's, let's feel it out.
I will, can I be, I don't want to be, I don't want to do.
You want to be my rich white lawyer?
Yes, yes.
OK, yeah.
I'm picking you up.
Or do you want me to visit you in prison?
Is it like a cold open?
Like, I can, I can, you're picking me up.
OK, I'm in a purple low rider.
OK.
All right, I'm picking you up in a purple low rider.
This is the beginning of Toco.
Is that his, is it, is the lawyer's purple low rider?
Well, let's, let's find it out.
Yeah, we'll discover it.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha,
ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
I'm just a love machine.
G plug plug plug plug plug plug plug plug plug plug plug plug plug
plug plug plug plug plug plug plug plug plug plug plug plug plug plug
plug plug plug plug plug plug plug plug plug plug plug plug plug
to take care of it I take care of it man come on dog you new booty to this man
don't act like you knew school homie you've been in a little love before you
know what it is it's just like a female dog you got to play with it in one I've
been in one but to drive one is another matter okay well now you take the keys
finally can you drive still you've been in there so long oh yeah man even though
I'm sipping on a little bit of prune oh it's all good I still got it's more like
a video game when I fade it now okay I'll drink and drive ladies and gentlemen
I'll look service enough now to go you told me when I picked you up not to talk
to you about another job well you know my name is toko so don't ever get a twist
a rich white lawyer don't ever get a twisted rich white lawyer cuz we
hitting switches right here homie I'll fucking bounce you off this car a set
no matter how much I pay you to get me out homie it's not it's toko it's been
to sorry I'm sorry hey listen you know how the system is going over these
bumpy roads cheesy all the hydraulic work your people do you'd think this would
be an easier ride what kind of hydraulic your seat has man I just look toko if I
seem anxious it's only because it's been rough since you've been in and I've got
some real Michigas to discuss with you back at this at the at the cafe I well
what is it well maybe we should move into the next scene we don't want to let's
just let you know there's been some changes to Los Angeles since you went
in alright so what is your now rich white lawyer that I got to worry about man
cuz I'm look I got the guns I left them right here in the stash so they cool
right here what's up can I take our order I take our order oh I rich white
lawyer don't look at me like that you look at you creepy you and a bomber
looking hot toko what's up drive-thru person was hanging when did you get out
toko just five minutes ago what you got to eat up in this moment you know we've
got eggs and we've also got your favorite that's a new shit I've been
gone that long we started grilling the onions now things don't change last time
I was out all they have was taco de muerte you got some like we got all
that we have a new chef we're doing different things anyway I don't want to
stay too long what can I get you to drink some orange juice I would like a
gluten-free arugula salad okay we'll bring you something without gluten
anyway just let me get toro in a bag full you still the same as you was two
years ago I'll be back I never changed on me toko that's the that was the cold
open and then it's just a love machine okay and now and now we're at the we're
at the cafe that you're listen when you're fought your father passed away
while you were behind bars which I hope it's not little little don't even worry
about all that rich white lawyer okay check it out you're ready to kiss to
this shit for me across the border keester yeah keester all these kilos
all up in your homie like a jalapeno across the border toko we in the legal
profession refer to we have a saying do not keester things it's it's not it's
it's not becoming of the legal profession oh well then are you ready to
hoop some of this stuff up you mean across the border you put it in my in
my butthole yeah I feel like you've mistaken me for having a problem with
the language you see you came and got me out yeah you said you needed some help
right so you came and got me out cuz I need your help too right so now you got
to do this for me this is the only way we're gonna be able to pass this stuff
rich white lawyer come on what's up with you dog all right I'll make you a deal
you do one more job for me and I'll do one more job for you all right but me
first yes all right so I'm putting one in my butthole yeah you're putting two in
your ass I'm putting two all up in your dog jalapenos yeah or I'll have been you
all up in you like a hot avanero this time ghost pepper just for talking shit
okay all right okay mr. Harmon I am the one who will be inserting I'm a
doctor oh toko said you on your way and here y'all oh hey it's like some magical
post-apocalyptic shit cuz people just popping out of nowhere in this motherfuck
yeah toko I told you don't do that indica not just sit down while I put these
bags I'm gonna put these bags and rich white lawyers asshole for you like you
commissioned me to do yeah fistful that shit you every time right yeah yeah
rich white lawyer I'm gonna need you to breathe yeah this isn't supposed to
happen to you I used to be a surgeon
you see you didn't feel shit shit outside the doctor's office you good rich
white lawyer it doesn't feel so bad yeah you're just gonna be walking with like a
duck but you're good okay well okay now I'll go to so now you want me to go to
Mexico yeah so now we're gonna cross the border because see they're not gonna
fuck with me they see me with a rich white lawyer right all right so let's do
this you ready I get the impression that I command a lot of respect from
society oh yeah yeah yeah respect okay yeah well here we go George Lucas wipe
to the Mexican border I'm just a love machine and I want what nobody my hair
mono and I are going into your beautiful country to partake in its culture and we
will not be bringing back any agriculture hi hi I'm with him I'm with him
oh my lunch break talk to this dude okay hi hey how's it going hello this I can
you guys get out of the vehicle oh well you know officer I you're not gonna
cavity search my rich white lawyer friend are you officer well I'm only
gonna do the normal things to do which may include that well I happen to be a
lawyer and I don't think there's any reason for this to happen well you I'm
also a jerky boy it's a it was a famous print series of prank calls from the
90s please step out of the vehicle okay all right I'm stepping out okay rich
white lawyer whatever okay rich white lawyer whatever you do enjoy that shit
yeah man joy that oh play the part enjoy that shit because that's what he
wants you to do can you open your asshole sir you smile for the camera cut
to prison rich rich white lawyers now in orange cover
he's in a he's in a he's in a prison cell all right rich white lawyer you got
your shank ready homie yes I see you're telling me I need to shank a person yeah
fool you're gonna roll in my car homie come through man just look are you
toko come on I don't need to be racist come on it's because it's more of a
radio play I don't know are you toko or is toko am I did I take the fall I'm
his motherfucking celly loco fool okay so I just look like him we all look like
Asians I didn't mean to offend I've got to get okay so I will do the shanking the
tell me okay sorry about yeah no no you won't be doing the same you're gonna be
getting shanked fool oh no I don't want to get you're my shield bro like a fucking
quarterback a fucking running back that's a you're my shield no that's
that's terrible yes you got to save me from people like Brandon over here okay
well I'm afraid to ask the question but what if I refuse to do this then you're
just gonna be taking hair on up guys your whole life okay I know that sounds
pleasing but you got to do this rich white lawyer I gotta be a human take
one for the team human shield and that'll get me out of prison yes okay
well I'd like to be out of prison cuz nine times out of ten you're gonna get
shanked but you're gonna go to the infirmary my boy you good okay I will
survive it yes maybe okay well oh well it's okay it's been three years I've had
a lot of heroin in my butt and I'm gonna I'm ready to do it I'm ready to be a
shank shield okay put me in front of you here we go prison time here we go here
we go damn a shield rich white lawyer you lost a lot of weight man oh is that
bad yeah that's that's that's that's really bad okay well I get you know the
ice cream here is not gluten-free oh did they not send you the memo though
that's that's not really ice cream my boy oh is is that sperm is that what
works is that what where we're going in your case they call it yogurt oh it
would you talk human human semen this is what you mean they in this yogurt all
right I'm distracted by that I'm gonna be I'm a human shield look man I'm gonna
just let you know right now rich white lawyer your your run has been cool but
I think it's it's it's time for lights out dog damn lights out like just for
tonight or for the whole the whole no one stabbed this man he's chock full of
semen and he could blow up at any moment oh I'm bulletproof I'm running I'm
getting out of prison I'm getting out of prison I'm so full of semen touch me no
he can burst I'm out I'm out of prison I'm running rich white lawyer fuck you
friend I'm tired of trusting your culture Tokyo what happened to your lawyer
say Tokyo will never even be aware of my treachery I'm tired of this oh number
one Arnold the rich white lawyer oh no I'm getting in my waiting boat made out
of blue jeans we need you I'm not your essay I need somebody like a white
person I need you because we don't not not that trustworthy to the system for
our words always the same story I can't hear you over the sound of me put
setting up boundaries rich white lawyer I am escaping from prison by myself in a
blue jean boat I am now the protagonist I've had it I've had it I'm in
Manhattan now and now I'm in Manhattan here I hey Brandon rich white lawyer is
over here being a ho in prison he won't budge man you can fuck with him you
can have him doc for free well nothing's ever for free yeah for free just give me
a fucking tienda on the commissary I feel like we got rich white lawyer to
Manhattan is this a flashback this is a flashback let's roll out on this last
Manhattan scene and take it home and roll the credits and place shy sweet
freedom by Michael McDonald okay well take it in on the inseam just a bit
I didn't get your name mr.
toko toko you're making my suit yeah if you want to call it that yeah I'm
making you so it's gonna be delicious tonight my boy remember he was trying to
run from me fool
remember oh no I got you all right well extra something in your dinner tonight
extra delicious I was toko the movie the the about about toko getting out I don't
do that I don't make everybody do a movie you know I was a lot put upon you
thank you for doing that it's all good mash it was a dope-ass movie man it's
gonna be a sequel to this shit I thought I thought it could use I did it could use
another pass I found it to be a little linear like I'm a story guy myself like
I didn't I didn't pick up on enough curvature yeah I wanted to see him
eating semen earlier I think that could have been a nice really I think those
are the leading scenes dollars she was too explicit for content that's not like
why did this guy even go to law school and he got fucked over clearly he never
once like tried to use his law degree to get out of this situation or just
practice law to get toko free yeah and I feel like his character is called rich
white lawyer just to get around all the anti-semitic issues yeah let's just call
up they were in the boardroom they were like let's just call it what it is yeah
because at some point you become toko's very best friend oh really yeah in toko
to toko yeah the story the story of rich white lawyer oh it's like it's like the
rise of Taj you already know exactly like that yeah it's a reverse rise of
Taj I didn't see Van Wilder or Van Wilder to the rise of Taj so I don't
really I I feel like I can I can figure out those movies for the posters he
really did it I feel like Taj Rises yeah some say he achieved new heights that
van never could even dreamed of are you saying that in a way Taj became van
wildest whoa holy shit I don't know you guys are deaf with it I don't know I
assume that's what happened this a lot of shit happens like that what's the
what's the least cholo-ish the whitest I guess movie that you like like example
27 dresses if that's the answer you can say it because then we'll talk about
27 dresses for like 20 minutes yeah I don't know I don't know that one it's
pretty good let me see let me see real quick out the top of my head within the
next five seconds white chicks white chicks
now shit it would have to be lockout with diehard and space guy nice so I mean
can't can I edit in with watching it with my chicken shit of course yeah yeah
little notebook yeah that counts the note that I kind of cried a little bit
yeah I was high fuck I haven't seen the notebook whatever you do don't be blaze
as fuck watching movies man cuz you're gonna cry yeah we're gonna cry dog have
you noticed a theme that will make you cry is it like father son stuff or is
it like underdog stuff for all that stuff man all that stuff gets to me bro on
the real shit because it's you know it oh shit what movies you're about to cry
he paused for a second what it is man you know movies reflect on how you live
sometimes yeah life yeah you know I'm saying if you portray your life in a
movie fashion you're doing the shit all wrong but if you watch a film and you
can relate to it and it hits home you know I'm saying deep in your heart like
with something you might have been through or something or you know what
whatever it is you've gone through fucked up relationships or whatever you
lost a loved one whatever man whatever the dramatization is within that film
that got to you you know it's shit like that that really hits home man that
gets to me man and like I'm a big movie buff you know and sometimes like I'll
I'll just be in my zone people in these movies out man and I'm trying to think
of the last one like it was like balling I think it might have been cocoa like
like I'm not trying to I'm not sure I'm not bringing that up to score culture
but I feel you I think it was a little bit of cocoa I started fucking losing it
I did a little cocoa man but and it was unexpected because at the beginning of
the first 20 minutes of cocoa I was like this shit's more complicated than
Phantom Menace what the fuck the fuck are you talking about you got to be a
skeleton by morning but on Tuesday if no one has your picture on a bench yeah
like but but it did turn out to be quite simple and then actually like was
like very profound and like I was like I was just like fucking like sobbing I
can't actually remember why I was crying my girlfriend will just fucking like
she'll she'll just sob like a cartoon at anything like like anything that's like
like where if the well I don't want to cheapen or it has to be sincerely done
but I'm just saying she cried to sausage party like well not quite that no
guys up but like anything where the director was like was like you know you
know if I had it my way you'd be crying right now like in a real sincere way
like Cody will like like like she'll actually like unpredictably like she'll
actually be like sobbing did you see you didn't see there's no way you saw did
you see a ghost story with Casey Affleck he's wearing a sheet the whole movie and
then you know watch a girl eat a pie it's a weird I've seen the sixth sense it's
pretty similar kind of like that but yeah that that's a move I got a lot of
catching up to do on movies that was the most well this movie like nobody's seen
it but yeah but like it's the most like I was most unexpected like it's like
Casey Affleck is just a dude who he's like he dies and then the gimmick of the
movie is that he's just under a sheet like Charlie Brown like like like like the
whole movie and it's like it like wait the movie waits for you to like get over
that and be like this is corny but then it's just like he's just hanging out in
the background he's in a sheet and then like you there's a scene where his
girlfriend like you're just he's just watching her and she eats this pie that
somebody gave her she's alone and it's like the camera doesn't cut and then you
just watch her eat a fucking pie because she's like binging but then and then I
think she goes and pukes it up or whatever but it's just like sort of like
it just it's like two minutes like and people who don't like the movie they're
like like they immediately leap to the scene like I don't watch somebody eat a
pie yeah like in a sheet what are you doing to me and I don't fault those
people I'm not saying those people you don't get it man three seconds to the
movie then change the shit but the crazy thing is if you're on the other side of
it and the only way reason I was because Cody started crying and then I was like
why is Cody crying and then we paused the movie and that's my girlfriend she's
got a guy's name she's my middle name is a female's name oh yeah all right so we're like we were
basically like family yeah we're the same we're the same a little different but
same same you know but I started thinking about what for the first time in my
life I started thinking about instead of thinking about how sad it would be to die
as in like how bummed I would be to not be able to live life I don't get no more
life like and I was like I started getting scared that I would die and like
because of the like I was like oh my god what if you had to watch your the person
that you loved cope with your and I know there's been other movies about that like
what dreams may come yeah like Robert Williams yeah like I know those never
affected me like I never I watched us and I go like grown-up shit like I don't
I don't know this like hipster thing got to me it's like Casey Applex in a sheet
maybe it disarmed me they just call hearted Dan I don't know fucking cold
hearted you don't got no love I think I just needed to have like a
relationship with somebody that was like so cool yeah sobbing and then she's
like I'm gonna pause it making some drinks and then I was like that's going
to be a goal and then I was like what's she crying about and then I was like
amazing I'll figure it out while she's making drinks ever since that it's been
several years now I still think about that scene from that movie when I think
about death yeah that's my new that if the director of that movie knew that they
had accomplished that would they be proud ashamed I don't know I don't know
what I'm sure they would have been proud man it's only the chosen few that can
catch it so what would you as an actor would you really like to like do you'd
like to play it like is would that be your ultimate fantasy is that is knowing
that you did something that somebody somebody out there even if it's one
person because of your performance they it like it fucked up their whole brain
it changed their whole life like that would be the brass ring right well that
would fuck me up if I fucked up somebody else's shit like that but if I help change
their life in some kind of way then you know I've served my purpose in life you
know but yeah like that'll be that'll be dope man like that's what that's
actually what I really strive for and live for you know a lot of the times
what I do with my music you know music yeah I produce man drop a beat no I'm
kidding why are you kidding because he may be into bluegrass we don't know I
love blue I love all kind of music I didn't but he's had says dope and he's
got a chain on some stereotypes are real freestyle probably what's with the
what's with the Morrissey thing how is that real like I don't understand the
Morrissey thing like the that's a that's a genuine cholo thing if I can use that
word outside the context of the title of your show like fuck it like what it you
like like Latinx Los Angeles dudes like being in so fucking big into Morrissey
you're not familiar with that stereotype not to be honest with you I'm not
familiar with the stereotype I think there's a band called Morrissey ain't
there yeah it's yeah so a lot of guys like him because the hipsters bro they
look like us that's what I'm saying they adopted our culture you know there's
sort of a there's like a rockabilly crossover so it's lowriders rockabilly
50s type I heard of some shit called cholo got to I don't know that falls in
the category could be yeah yeah these are crazy daughter fucking but a lot of
the luchiva people are our Morrissey fan because I couldn't pick I mean I was
like I know I know Morrissey from impressions like I know Dina Gould's
impression of Morris he's like he couldn't sound more white I think he's
any literally British yeah yeah he's not it's like that's what it's kind of
just funny it's like you just sounded like it was a trying to sound like a
creepy-ass Santa Claus and shit on the December evening the night before
Christmas yeah I mean that's what yeah that's what I did I'm just fucking with
you down no it's okay Jesus hard feelings hard feelings
cholo to cholo cholo to cholo you're not making me an honorary cholo man we're
gonna we're gonna trollify you in the backstage I want to see this cat
cholify we got a chill if I dan I think don't take Dan hey we're gonna take Dan
backstage and have our cholo experts work with him to create a brand new look
that'll say I ain't poppy watch out for the new cholo dan and say you know I'm
saying would we have to shave him like what would we do to to make Dan no we've
got to shave and we'll let him keep his masculinity masculinity okay you know
we'll keep and then we just throwing some bandanas you know I'm saying like
to pop all right I'm saying throw some sharpie three dots like the crazy life
a little teardrop but can we give him something that it's just uniquely Dan
not to park not anything you've seen before we'll tie them up with a little
Rick and Morty right here on the side crying and shit it's three it's three
dots but then when you look at them they're like keys and a typewriter okay
there you go okay what are you what are you want Dan we got like you know what
they call me I say they call me the TV writer homie I'll serialize your ass
for Netflix I'll write about you in my next fucking series homes it's a new
generation a new marketplace it's all about streaming now I don't even need to
do modular I eat tacos at home I'll tell you one story over 10 episodes make
everyone watch it there you go there you go serialized that shit bro yes
yesterday's bad movie is today's hit series we got it we got 10 episodes bro
yeah groundhog day meets a fucking tire shop we got to certify you though with
the handshake my G certify you with the handshake I am strike one Dan you're
gonna follow all right well I get three strikes at least don't I sure do or are
we cholifying baseball now to not the same baseball homie you going to the
pamphlet it's okay well what I mean are you ever gonna even tell me what one one
two and the pound okay that's not hard let's let me do that let me do that fast
it's an instant classic right to strike two for Dan all right here we go third
time the charm is shit casual about like I feel like getting it wrong should
have penalties I just want to be okay he's almost he's about to fall off okay
Garzaan give me another of the brisket sandwich and I've got a cholo friend
coming by I'll let you in a little bit dog oh hey what's up homie so anyways
about this new financing plan go now now what you got to do is pretend you
got arthritis my boy and you throwing up gang signs homie damn just pretend you
got arthritis and you throwing up gang signs though it's that that seems like a
like a is that like that seems like a Paul Rodriguez bit from like I don't know
I just know you got arthritis you a G homie you throwing up gang signs dog yeah
I think there might be like a stand-up bit from I always worry about when if
we were whenever regardless of the culture because a lot of a lot of guys
have that thing where you grip the hand and do that thing I was worried about my
fingernail length oh like if you're a real man's man you're not necessarily
manicured and then I'm always worried about am I am I digging into this guy's
soft tissues with my fucking gross fingernails oh yeah yeah yeah watch out
for that one man you got it you got to have nice I mean you got to have a nice
ass fucking manicure fingernails or whatever as long as they ain't gonna
shank me bro I don't understand why these things keep fucking growing don't you
think they should have come out with a pill by now just make these things stop
growing yeah yeah but I think if you can't do it without the pill man just
lazy as fuck what about your toenails though like it's I like toenails like
it's like to be old and to like hunch over and you got the thing I just like
tend to do with the long-ass toenails yeah me me because I put it off as long
as possible are you kidding with this again it just keeps coming out it's
like this cori it's like fucking insane like I was like like what am I doing this
for there's got to be a pill do you scissors or heads clippers for your
shit I obviously uses a straight nail clippers that you go get that done go
get oh no yeah well that they had you had the the cholos tried Chinese foot
massage or whatever and the one guy was like I was touching my feet that's how
I felt oh yeah yeah yeah like no one's touching my feet like I don't I won't get
like a professional back rub or anything like I I the same way I would never I
would never avail myself of a sex worker it's because where other other men
would it would would think oh I I just I just you're my bitch now I just make it
all into like well they're they have they've got a metric like they know how
much acne I have on my back like they've seen every back so now they're gonna be
like comparing so I don't want anybody this guy's who got a fucking land over
here you got a mountain yeah well city is this shit yeah I got a lot of shit to
work I feel the insecurity the thing is once you get the feet done a bunch of
times I wish I could crash that threshold where I would just go into a
place three times I'd just be like do my feet that would be the craze that would
be crazier you don't have to talk to them right they know they know what you're
going in there for bro do my feet let me explain why let me explain why I'm
here you know what I would really do is I would be like and they would be like
you want me to do your feet like they would yell at me and the next time I
go like do my feet like you don't have to yell I'm like see I don't like this
they're not gonna they're not gonna harass you they're gonna guide you over to a chair
you go you can go with Cody you guys to get your feet yeah you do this all the
time I don't know Jeff does now I heard I heard in downtown LA man I do my
if you go do that you got to be careful of which one you go to because I heard
in downtown LA do my feet could mean something else I don't know yeah I don't
know that might be better I will tell you you don't get in grumps that way so
you can you can have somebody do your nails or you can go to a doctor and
he's gonna cut your nails out and shit I'll tell you I don't have claws my boy
yeah for fucking see this for a brag but I don't think I don't get any of those
problems because I have the one problem which is that they grow at one inch a
day yeah so there's no in growing there's no things out I have one problem
alone which is just Freddie Krueger feet like do they ever cut through your
shoes yeah they are constantly running up against the the fucking like physics
of our world and I the only I go down to get the food at the door and if I'm not
wearing socks and I'm like I'm just like don't look down like you know like my
toenails clicks like it clicks like a dog's feet oh yeah it they grow very
quickly by my definition so you got to keep away a certain length of everything
because otherwise you know you're gonna fucking step on it I mean or poke
through it or shrink that shit if I'm naked in the bed sheets the only the
only thing that doesn't have to do with vanity like oh it looks gross it's
unbecoming you look like a monster who wants to look like a monster you know
my audience does okay but like we come here to celebrate but but but but but
the the one thing is like you the the bed sheets and then you're like you like
move your weight around and you're naked you should be the best moment of your
life naked like fucking like I love my life I'm gonna play some Fallout 4 like
and you just like and then like you're you get this weird reminder that you have
a monster toenail drags along your thousand thread count sheet makes a
sound or something like I'm a monster I'm a monster do you find yourself having
to buy sheets constantly I take out that way I just I feel like I just feel like
John Merrick that's great well you should be one of the X man then bro well
John Merrick was for his time I guess he probably was like an X man but like before
they really appreciated them like like I yeah that's the thing I just like no
it can be rough come on there's gotta be cut there's gotta be a pill your girl
don't hook you up hook me up with what like like she don't man well pity
curious like like well she's offered she says like all women do they go like
let's go get a pedicure you know like like everybody but me is I always like
let's go do this well not not a bit take you to get a pedicure but like hook
your shit up like at night you know I'm saying oh like her do it yeah that
would be the last bingo splat ever like marked off that would be I would be done
with my life like if I ever had the confidence to be like clip my toenail
hey young lady sure babe I got you that would be like me at my most sexual like
like I would be like Gandhi at that point like if I was like I was like yes
I'm so comfortable like yeah like Cody has reduced my shame a lot but I can't
picture myself ever being like do that thing where you clip my toe this next
segment's called cholos get hate mail one of my most embarrassing moments I
still remember it was like I was like gotta be 20 years ago now my first
girlfriend so I moved to LA like I and I was unemployed and she was very
employed and I was staying in her apartment and I'll just I'll never
forget the phone call like because I would stay at her place and then I would
like eventually you know she'd go to work at eight in the morning and then I
fucking lounge around and watch go-bots and smoke a bowl and then like fucking
head back to my apartment and think about like go-bots or whatever the fuck my
job what I thought my job was and and then one and then her like calling me
because we didn't have text anything back then and just and her being like did
you clip your toenails at my place this morning and be going yeah it's like did
you do it I'm saving them did you do it on a paper plate like on the couch like
while you were watching TV cuz yeah you get the idea you forgot a step and I
was I still to this day I'm just like you fucking go can you imagine how could
she ever touch my penis again I did it to my roommate and I cut them in the
fucking shower and it had been like Hulk growth they were like long and
discolored you know like like old slave toes right and I left just a fucked up
pile and the look on this dude's face it was a girl there was a dude he looked
at me he was it was like why would you do this to me
who are we picturing who is everybody picturing what race is this guy what how
old is he I'm picturing my picturing I'm picturing Paul Gia-Matti
I was so deep he was just this lovable look I'm I'm the first person to
celebrate the other I'm not a traditional man's man well why would you do
this to me Paul Gia-Matti yeah he took it rough I will tell you that the dude
is he's more on my Adam Levine side like you were just rooming with Aquaman
yeah picture a dude who looks like he deserved that shit in retrospect I
tell you just real quick story can I just jump in well no take your time it's
all about filling I don't know what the show is this dude was my older me I did
this to him I regret that shit but I will tell you that hold on hold on let me
let me it's all come on you did this to him you said right I did this to him
purposely no let me in retrospect in retrospect yes he did deserve it
because that you will love you will love this story all right is that this
motherfucker wanted to throw me out early and shit right and I was like me we
grew up together what are you fucking mad at me for and he's like I'm not
talking about that shit you can get the fuck out and Anthony Michael Hall read
my treatment today and you're just my black friend and there's no role for you
no so so so old boys like you got to go and I was like look man we should be
able to talk to shit out and he was like fuck you get out I was like that's
bullshit he's like it's not bullshit and I called the police so you should dump
all your weed to win I was like motherfucker you trying to make me get
rid of my weed for some bullshit for some toenails right so he's got this
gun-shaped bong right worst idea ever a gun-shaped bong and you just called the
police and I was like hey man maybe you should get that gun-shaped bong out your
motherfucker he did call the police he called the police right fucking snitch
were you guys 22 close okay so so I wipe all my fingerprints off the gun and then
I deposited it in the living room of our house right and all boy is like the cops
leave and he sees they never come in the house but he sees that I have done this
time and he looks at me and he goes how could you do that to me they were gonna
bust me for the bong and I was like you call the cop you call the cops and you
were trying to get me hold off in the fucking paddy wagon for some bullshit
talking about some dump my weed nigga get your bong you think I can't be fucked
up you got me fucked up on me your gun bong your gun bong now bong gun back to
your story well hashtag not all white roommates you know I would not do you
like that thank you so much when you said Adam Devine I heard white you're much
more of it but I do have questions about clipping your toenails on the shower
how how how wait maybe that is the best place to do it is it wait what did they
what did I miss the thing I said you're you're much more of the Paul Giamatti
time Adam Levine deserving how we're okay where's the ideal how do you clip
your fucking toenails as a guy like shower I've never even heard of this
yeah the softer ha oh you got to get your shit soft or sounds worse work man do
your homework soft or sounds difficult that sounds like turning it into string
cheese I don't like like like pliable now is it yeah I'm sorry by the way I'm
this has got to be triggering that way you don't gotta use head clippers I but
I just truly like I just don't want to be a monster and I just like I have these
fucking horrible there's got to be a way if you there's got to be a way to become
rich enough there's gonna be a thing from Sky wall where you just put your foot
yeah inside a little thing that's like a RoboCop sock and it just goes like
something and you pull it out and you're like other people go like look at
those square toenails those look ridiculous what a corny pedicure I'm
like yeah but they're not monster claws I don't know you can't cut me with the
motherfucker no more I'm six feet tall I have a prodigious belly gut belly thing
what do you call it a belly you get this little thing from Target it's the
idea is you get it you get a bend over I feel my intestines like squishing like
like I'm like it hurts it hurts it hurts it hurts I'm like I'm like I'm
like contorting myself I'm like it hurts I can't I'm gonna be down for so long I
gotta do it ten times three three times on the big toe and then it's like I'm
just like clip clip clip and it's so hard I don't know this is the biggest thing in
my life if we if we could if we could figure this out well luckily Dan you
just got to get over that shit cuz you know you can't get over this shit that's
not a so that is lucky and just go get a damn pedicure man they'll do it for you
unfortunately there's no I mean not that I know of I don't know about fucking
anywhere else in the world but if they got that shit cuz I'm pretty sure they
do I haven't been exposed to it but I'll be down to get a pedicure man you just
got to do it here's you gotta do it if you if you're obsessed with having that
shit like I don't want to be a beat go get it then take your girl man fucking
go get your shit shaved and hooked up you know I'm saying you might leave with
a happy ending who knows yeah yeah I feel like it's this is my honky's try
YouTube show crackers try we can't tell you we really call you that's a good
concept that's a very good concept wait isn't that America crackers try that's
that's what that's that's the gimmick of the country isn't it well that'll have
that I don't like that I always thought it was try crackers that's why they
always fuck you know fucking damn saltines is shit but but I guess it's
the other way around I don't know you guys tell me what are you guys gonna do
next like how will you explain what are you show those gonna try next what are
you gonna how are you gonna expand the we're gonna go gang bang on motherfucking
you've already tried that god damn it yeah we haven't gang banged out there in
Dubai we haven't got sorry I didn't hear the rest of it like what's up
LA over here dog not but uh to be be yeah well I've done some things we've
all done some things that not asking that I'm just saying like are you guys
trying to like expand like definitely different markets do definitely TV show
Netflix Netflix Netflix yeah hey no back end all that sounds bomb man all
that sounds bomb I think with the with the success of the short film that we
just you know put out Hermanos Hermanos Hermanos where can we see it it's on
YouTube man yeah people out it's called Hermanos but basically means brothers
in Spanish you know I mean and it's a it's been a it's been a huge hit right
now it's like surpassed 305 3 million I'm sorry 3 million point 5 well you know
views which to me it's very successful awesome really you know and a lot of
people have been giving good feedback and reviews people also mentioning you
know this should be on Netflix or whatnot and I don't disagree you know I
think it should be no back end no back end yeah don't you know as long as it
gets the exposure and we know that's how a lot of people feel yeah because
everything else comes comes into play you know Netflix is there they got a big
pile of guys are like hey who wants money yeah the answer is everybody here
comes down like hey Los Files hey I want to shoot I want to fucking produce
something there you go and they're like well what about the part of TV where if
I made Mr. Ed 20 years from now I can eat a dental plan to fuck you how did you
guys put Hermanos together like how'd you put that crew together mostly people
from Los Angeles or people from all over yeah mainly from LA the greater LA
area you know I'm from Compton you know was it a crew that you always rolled
with or did you find people you know via this person there's stuff you'd worked
up before yeah every time I go on set I'm always trying to network with
somebody you know because what I kind of find out I'm a hustler man you know
I network with a lot of people I talk to a lot of people I'm a humble dude you
know it doesn't really matter what it is that you do or what you can do for me I
just chop it up with people right and then once you get to know them you know
once they open those up those doors and you tie with them with that person then
you start to really network and collab you know so I try not to put all my eggs
in one basket yeah you know I mean it's Hermanos something that somebody brought
to you did you already have that like you would already been trying to make
this movie um it was it was brought to my attention and I feel so blessed and I'm
very thankful that it did because of the you know relationship bond that I built
with this independent company who's it with can you name that company yeah
Los Feliz films and they are here in the audience right right here somewhere I
don't know I'm Danny's fucking lights up right as fuck yeah the Los Feliz films
you know I'm saying it's called it my nose there's other the producers of the
film awesome and um yeah we plan on branching out a lot of stuff man it's
uh it's something that like I said it before it's like divine intervention
almost because it's all those trials didn't happen you know and because it
did happen the way it did happen it's a is broken a lot of stereotypes we pretty
much Cholo has been came a household name you know I mean so now you know we're
doing what we're doing with the tri stuff we're doing films you know we're
doing TV I prove I produce music engineering music you know so kind of
music hip-hop is my core okay yeah you know but as a musician as an artist I
listen to everything man everything even the shit that anybody else might not
like yeah I listen to everything because I'm trying to find that new sound as a
producer of hip-hop have you heard anything that I've done yes I yes I
have Dan why yes I have yeah what do you think hey I think you need to be on
Wildin out or something man I need you have have you on there or something get
these freestyles cracking with these fools and battle them out man okay he's
battle ready is he battling I think he's battle ready man I think he might be
battling with himself but he's battle ready man should I battle let's battle
let me battle Brandon oh shit I have to I have to lose it's the it's called no
no don't don't lose on purpose oh shit it's kind of like print damn I watch
China and your curly hair have you ever fallen asleep on a mustard cloud and
dance with a bear oh I didn't wait I didn't even hear it he's already okay
wait oh yo why you burning me so fast why you
rapping so fast like topaz stole your mama's topaz they're gonna bring it
ass blast I should do all my freestyles in the voice of Prince or would that make
any sense hey I like that she did with John Mayer man that was dope yeah you
mean having John Mayer freestyles yeah but that little beat that little beat
y'all did and then the freestyle that y'all did that shit was hard he got
soulful in the middle there there was like over he had a little run where he
was like yeah oh yeah he was like truly like he was unafraid and in like
expressing his fear of being John Mayer oh yeah I like that yeah he was he was
feeling it man he was feeling it and you was feeling it too man I love that shit
man I've never felt man I swear I was like pussies will you shout out your
group like do you do like if you have a couple groups that we should listen to
you producing right now is there anything hot I'm mainly produced for
myself okay you know I'm mainly produced for myself man so you do free stuff so
fucking bust it down oh oh here we go now yeah oh Marco Macho Macho yeah sipping
on vodka some bomb shit say no caca chalice chilling with Dan chilling with
the homie Brandon that's the man yeah and we're getting down right here I'm
motherfucking Harmontown yeah Los Feliz films yo this is how I feel I feel
good I feel great let's take it up a notch oh shit yo check it uh one time
two times three times maybe four I'm gonna kick your motherfucking ass out the
door if you want to talk shit if you want to be a bitch and if your ass want
to trip then you can suck my dick and I don't give a shit you still a trick you
are fucking dick you're fucking prick yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
show those try baby big talk from the West Coast just a little something just
a little something just a little something on a beatbox tip yeah I mean
yeah I get a little something they may or may not have gone to an all-black
middle school how'd you know let's just say if you tell me a name I can add sir
and a lot to it and give you a rapping name in magic marker on any locker damn
and I can spoken word he was a tagger I wasn't really a tag oh I was raised
around the tagging culture yeah I was I was I grew up in a middle school where
Sharpies and more magic markers were they were contraband you ever heard of
streaks streaks like naked people it's like these fucking little pans and
shit they're little thick pans like Magnum markers and shit and it's
basically paint base so you know in middle school paint paint paint pens yeah
in middle school early high school I used to be on the walls hitting up
everywhere my name and then it then it got into a spray canning and then I
hit up the fucking freeways spray painting the shit when people tag or
they get just a little high yeah they can yeah yeah kind of that's kind of part
of it yeah you know cuz a lot of it wasn't gonna go fucking by fucking masks
right to go fucking spray can you spray paint or whatever you know I did it on
a strength and we used to hit a big ass fucking walls on the side of the freeway
you know and I would get fucking laid off that shit yeah I get lightheaded for
real I had to take breaks kind of dope though yeah cuz nobody else makes art in
a way that gets them stoned at the same time that's where the creativity comes
out my boy except for this show oh yeah that's pretty dope you didn't lose
anybody all right well what have we learned if you see a cholo tonight don't
get scared cuz it might be humble yeah ask them what they what they want yeah
what kind of strain they like to smoke yeah that's what kind of strain they
like to smoke kind of bitches they like to fuck what kind of drink they like to
drink you know I'm saying what kind of fucking how they rollin yeah how they
rollin you know I'm saying today that pop Molly's do they pop ecstasy's or do
they just fucking look all game bang the fuck out and they just work regular day
jobs it's fine with me you never know they might be your best friend is sad
clown really a sad clown or is a more of an introspective person all I know is
that that's the homie payaso I don't know payaso yeah sad clown happy clown
smile now cry later I don't know you never know the difference bro oh yeah
we're all fucked up anyways what was that well you're moving too fast for me
what I'm so excited to learn the word payaso I don't know what that means
payaso clown oh payaso means clown yeah okay great now I'm fucking see like I
just expended my world got the homie payaso you got the homegirl payasah
got the homegirl clowner got the homeboy I asked sorry sorry everybody sorry
should we do I don't know nothing we do like a real be you want to do a real
be it's either that or a cholo's try D&D real quick let's do each other case we
got three minutes let's do let's do hold on hold on I'm not too hype on what the
fuck D&D that's even better what that is well that's good that's cuz you got to
try it cholo all right no no no I don't I don't think it's you know we don't
rush D&D and and whore it out like this do we and so whatever I don't want to I
don't I want to harm and quest season 3 got picked up by verb we don't need
regulations mayor thank you sir congratulations mayor mr. mayor thank
you really did it sir thank you to the cholo caucus oh yeah the committee you
know I like to think my affiliation to the gangsta nation you know I'm saying
yeah we got it we're gonna end it with some stone cold fucking hard as
professional rapping yeah shit okay let's try so y'all got a track or what
we'll throw it oh yeah we got the music we're all gonna share in the beat it's
gonna be a real beat we'll throw it to each other yeah I'm feeling that shit by
our rap names yeah happy Dan in the house oh happy Dan happy DJ Collin I
just I just exclaimed my name we got MC beard in the house you already know what
it is yeah give it to him happy Dan happy yeah I'm in Brandon in the
building yeah just just go with it don't know what you might get slam yeah
oh yeah yeah new to close doors star wars yeah see beard slam on top
go go go go in the building yeah I raise your children yeah they're gonna
walk to my music and they'll learn to abuse it oh and get caught up in the
system and then their motherfuckers become the victim cocoa caught up in the
mix go in the prison and shit oh but I don't want to leave them that route
because I ain't about that chasing clout I keep that shit real that's how I feel
because on the real is how I fucking grew up for real in the ghetto around the
motherfucking bunch of motherfucking fools disrespecting being skeptics but now I
made it in their hectic uh happy Dan oh he's a crappy man yeah I think my
nigga Brandon slamming uh yeah I need to fill my cup with a little bit of ice
it's an open table yeah if you brought a cue do it yeah want some more yeah I'll
pour all right you can wrap some more all right more rhymes with poor yeah be a
little vagrant I like to be flagrant hey Brandon what's happening did you hear
my boy Dan over here rapping I heard your boy Dan was rapping heard him happy
running in this room and be a victim of my strapping is it you're rapping I run
up just off the lap in hurt this motherfucker run up in the room and get
that bit or turn me off
fucking man I'm there I'm corruption get lucky one up in this bitch like a
leprechaun rock this motherfucker till the break the door what kind of weed is
this kid on straight up hydroponic I'm a run up in this motherfucker hits it like
I'm Sonic listen closely this shit run fine it get this motherfucker like my
making a way since I turn 13
looking at your serious dog you're looking at your serious man what you
got for Brandon down slamming Brandon oh shit it's emcee beard in the house
apparently his music doesn't exist anymore I guess we'll just go home I
guess that's I guess we're just ending the show like that because that's just
fine entertainment for people I'm Spencer
thank you oh man that has been Harmontown ladies and gentlemen let's go great
Spencer Crittenden Omar Camacho everybody Omar Camacho big talk from the
West Coast big talk from the West Coast make sure y'all peep out that purple
life video on YouTube man I go by big talk from the West Coast you know I'm
Samo artist name purple life hermanos solos try that's all I got to say for
tonight you already know yeah I go by Dan Harmon Google auto fell Dan Harmon
Chevy Chase feud Dan Harmon
Dan Harmon alright Nazi rant Dan Harmon brick and Morty season four hold up
Dan Harmon horrible piece of shit here drink Sarah Hill Kris Boruff
we've been here at the dinosaur typewriter downtown LA make some noise
we'll see you church did you get any of that
it's a good show